40.4	a 41.19. Předešle diskutováno v
40.14	a 41.21-22.
40.14	and #41.21–22 . â© Ra I am Ra. I greet you in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. Before we communicate may we request the adjustment, without the touching of this instrument’s physical body complex, of the item which presses upon the instrument’s head. This is causing some interference with our contact. Questioner Is that the pillow or something else? Do you… do you speak of the pillow under the neck? Ra I am Ra. There is a line of interference crossing the crown of the head. Questioner Is it this? [Questioner finds a two-inch fold in the sheet three inches above the instrument’s head and lays it flat.] Is that it? [Questioner finds a two-inch fold in the sheet three inches above the instrument’s head and lays it flat.] Ra I am Ra. This is correct. Please increase the distance from the crown of the head. Questioner [Ruffles in the sheet are smoothed all along the length of the sheet next to the instrument’s head.] Is that satisfactory? Ra I am Ra. Yes. Questioner I am sorry that we failed to notice that. Ra We communicate now. Questioner I’ll just try to pick up the last question left over from the last session, if you can answer it. I don’t know if it is of any importance, but it just occurred to me that the parts removed in cattle mutilations are the same every time, and I just wondered if this was related to the energy centers, and why they were important if that was so? Ra I am Ra. This is basically correct if you may understand that there is a link between energy centers and various thought-forms. Thus the fears of the mass consciousness create the climate for the concentration upon the removal of bodily parts which symbolize areas of concern or fear in the mass consciousness. Questioner Are you saying, then, that these parts that are removed are related to the mass consciousness of the third-density human form on the planet, and this fear is being used in some way by the second-density entities, or—correction, the thought-form entities—that do the mutilations? Ra I am Ra. This is correct as latterly stated. The thought-form entities feed upon fear; thus they are able to do precise damage according to systems of symbology. The other second-density types of which you speak need the, what you call, blood. Questioner These other second-density types need the blood to remain in the physical? Do they come in and out of our physical density from one of the astral planes? Ra I am Ra. These entities are, shall we say, creatures of the Orion group. They do not exist in astral planes, as do the thought-forms, but wait within the earth’s surface. We, as always, remind you that it is our impression that this type of information is unimportant. Questioner I agree with you wholeheartedly, but I sometimes am at a loss, before investigation into an area, to know whether it is going to lead to a better understanding. This just seemed to be related somehow to the energy centers that we were speaking of. I am going to make a statement and have you comment on it for its correctness. The statement is: When the Creator’s light is split or divided into colors and energy centers for experience, then in order to reunite with the Creator the energy centers must be balanced exactly the same as the split light was as it originated from the Creator. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. To give this query a simple answer would be nearly impossible. We shall simplify by concentrating upon what we consider to be the central idea towards which you are striving. We have, many times now, spoken about the relative importance of balancing as opposed to the relative unimportance of maximal activation of each energy center. 1 The reason is as you have correctly surmised. Thusly the entity is concerned, if it be upon the path of positive harvestability, with the regularizing of the various energies of experience. Thus the most fragile entity may be more balanced than one with extreme energy and activity in service to others due to the fastidiousness with which the will is focused upon the use of experience in knowing the self. The densities beyond your own give the minimally balanced individual much time/space and space/time with which to continue to refine these inner balances. Questioner In the next density, or the… in the fourth density, is the catalyst of physical pain used as a mechanism for experiential balancing? Ra I am Ra. The use of physical pain is minimal, having only to do with the end of the fourth-density incarnation. This physical pain would not be considered severe enough to treat, shall we say, in third density. The catalysts of mental and spiritual pain are used in fourth density. Questioner Why is physical pain a part of the end of fourth density? Ra I am Ra. You would call this variety of pain weariness. Questioner What is the— Can you even state the average lifespan in the fourth density of space/time incarnation? Ra I am Ra. The space/time incarnation typical of harmonious fourth density is approximately 90,000 of your years as you measure time. Questioner Then, is there a time/space— Are there multiple incarnations in fourth density with time/space experiences between incarnations? Ra I am Ra. This is correct. Questioner How long is a cycle of experience in fourth density, in our years? Ra The cycle of experience is approximately 30 million of your years if the entities are not capable of being harvested sooner. There is in this density a harvest which is completely the function of the readiness of the social memory complex. It is not structured as is your own, for it deals with a more transparent distortion of the One Infinite Creator. Questioner Then the big difference in harvestability between third and fourth density is that at the end of the third density the individual is harvested as a function of individual violet ray, but in fourth density, is it the equivalent of violet-ray then for the entire social memory complex that must be of a harvestable nature to go to fifth density? Ra I am Ra. This is correct although in fifth density entities may choose to learn as a social memory complex or as mind/body/spirit complexes, and may graduate to sixth density under these conditions, for the wisdom density is an extremely free density, whereas the lessons of compassion leading to wisdom necessarily have to do with other-selves. Questioner Then is sixth-density harvest strictly of social memory complex because, again, we have compassion blended back using wisdom? Ra I am Ra. This is quite correct. Questioner We know that the physical vehicle in fourth density that is used during space/time, I am assuming, is quite similar to the one that we now use in third density. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. The chemical elements used are not the same. However, the appearance is similar. Questioner Is it necessary to eat food in fourth density? Ra I am Ra. This is correct. Questioner The mechanism of, shall we say, social catalyst due to a necessity for feeding the body then is active in fourth density. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. This is incorrect. The fourth-density being desires to serve, and the preparation of foodstuffs is extremely simple due to increased communion between entity and living foodstuff. Therefore, this is not a significant catalyst but rather a simple precondition of the space/time experience. The catalyst involved is the necessity for the ingestion of foodstuffs. This is not considered to be of importance by fourth-density entities, and it, therefore, aids in the teach/learning of patience. Questioner Could you expand a little bit on how that aids in the teach/learning of patience? Ra I am Ra. To stop the functioning of service to others long enough to ingest foodstuffs is to invoke patience. Questioner I’m guessing that it is not necessary to ingest food in fifth density. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. This is incorrect. However, the vehicle needs food which may be prepared by thought. Questioner What type of food would this be? Ra I am Ra. You would call this type of food nectar, or ambrosia, or a light broth of golden white hue. Questioner What is the purpose of ingesting food in fifth density? Ra I am Ra. This is a somewhat central point. The purpose of space/time is the increase in catalytic action appropriate to the density. One of the preconditions for space/time existence is some form of body complex. Such a body complex must be fueled in some way. Questioner Then, there is a— In third density the fueling of our bodily complex not only simply fuels the complex but gives us opportunities to learn service. In fourth density it not only fuels the complex but gives us opportunities to learn patience. In fifth density it fuels the complex, but does it teach? Ra I am Ra. In fifth density it is comfort, for those of like mind gather together to share in this broth, thus becoming one in light and wisdom while joining hearts and hands in physical activity. Thus in this density it becomes a solace rather than a catalyst for learning. Questioner I am simply trying to trace the, you might say, the evolution of this catalyst that then, as you say, changes in fifth density. I might as well complete this and ask if there is any ingestion of food in sixth density? Ra I am Ra. This is correct. However, the nature of this food is that of light and is impossible to describe to you in any meaningful way as regards the thrust of your query. Questioner In fourth density on this planet, after we’re totally transitioned and the harvest is complete, fourth-density beings will be incarnate on the surface of this planet as we know it now, this particular surface. Is that correct? Ra I am Ra. The probability/possibility vortices indicate this to be most likely. Questioner Then will there be at that time any fifth-density and/or sixth-density beings on the surface of the planet? Ra I am Ra. Not for a fairly long measure of your time as fourth-density beings need to spend their learn/teaching space/time with their own density’s entities. Questioner Then basically what you are saying is that at that point the teachings of fifth- or sixth-density beings would not be too well understood by the fourth density, new fourth-density entities? Ra I am Ra. Do you wish to query us upon this point? Questioner I guess I didn’t state that correctly. Is it true that the fourth-density, new fourth-density beings then need to evolve in their thinking to reach a point where fifth-density lessons would be of value? Ra I am Ra. We grasp the thrust of your query. Although it is true that as fourth-density beings progress they have more and more need for other density teachings, it is also true that just as we speak to you due to the calling, so the information called is always available. It is simply that fifth-density beings will not live upon the surface of the planetary sphere until the planet reaches fifth-density vibratory level. Questioner I was wondering, then, if the mechanism of teach/learning was the same, relatively, then in fourth density. From what you say, it seems that is necessary for first the call to exist for the teach/learning of fifth density to be given to fourth, just as a call must exist here before fourth-density lessons are given to third. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. This query is misguided, for experience in fourth density is emphatically not the same as third-density experience. However, it is correct that the same mechanism of calling predisposes the information received in a way consonant with free will. You may ask one more full question at this working. Questioner You stated that the key to strengthening the will is concentration. Can you tell me the relative importance of the following aids to concentration? I have listed: silence, temperature control, comfort of body, screening as a Faraday cage would screen electromagnetic radiation, visible light screening, and a constant smell such as the use of incense for strengthening your concentration in meditation. In other words, an isolation-type of situation. You mentioned that this was one of the functions of the pyramid. Ra I am Ra. The analogies of body complex to mind and spirit complex activities have been discussed previously. 2 You may consider all of these aforementioned aids as those helpful to the stimulation of that which, in actuality, aids concentration—that being the will of the entity. This free will may be focused at any object or goal. Questioner I was really trying to get at whether it would be of great importance to construct a better place for our meditations. We have distractions here of the types which I mentioned, and I know that it is our total free will as to whether we construct this or not, but I was just trying to get at the principles. For instance, the Faraday cage would be quite a big construction, and I was wondering if it would be of any real value? Ra I am Ra. Without infringing upon free will we feel it possible to state that the Faraday cage and the isolation tank are gadgets. The surrounding of self in a sylvan atmosphere, apart from distractions, in a place of working used for no other purpose, in which you and your associates agree to lay aside all goals but that of the meditative seeking of the Infinite Creator is, shall we say, not gadgetry but the making use of the creation of the Father in second-density love and in the love and support of other-selves. Are there any brief queries before this working is at an end? Questioner I’d only ask if there is anything we can do to make the instrument more comfortable or to improve the contact? Ra I am Ra. All is well. I leave you in the love and the light of the One Infinite Creator. Go forth, therefore, rejoicing in the power and the peace of the One Infinite Creator. Adonai.
43.0	Ra: Já jsem Ra. Zdravím vás v lásce a světle jednoho nekonečného Stvořitele. Předtím, než začneme komunikovat, můžeme požádat, aniž by došlo ke kontaktu s fyzickým komplexem těla nástroje, o úpravu předmětu, který tlačí na hlavu nástroje? Způsobuje to určité rušení našeho kontaktu.
43.0	Ra I am Ra. I greet you in the love and in the light of the One Infinite Creator. Before we communicate may we request the adjustment, without the touching of this instrument’s physical body complex, of the item which presses upon the instrument’s head. This is causing some interference with our contact.
43.1	Tazatel: Jedná se o polštář nebo něco jiného? Hovoříte… hovoříte o polštáři pod krkem? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Je zde čára rušení, která se kříží s korunou hlavy.
43.1	Questioner Is that the pillow or something else? Do you… do you speak of the pillow under the neck? Ra I am Ra. There is a line of interference crossing the crown of the head.
43.2	Tazatel: Jedná se o tohle? [Tři palce (7,62 cm) od koruny hlavy nástroje se nachází dvoupalcový (5,08 cm) záhyb prostěradla a leží naplocho na posteli.] Je tohle ono? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je správně. Zvyšte prosím vzdálenost od koruny hlavy.
43.2	Questioner Is it this? [Questioner finds a two-inch fold in the sheet three inches above the instrument’s head and lays it flat.] Is that it? Ra I am Ra. This is correct. Please increase the distance from the crown of the head.
43.3	Tazatel: [Zvlnění jsou zarovnána po celé délce prostěradla vedle hlavy nástroje.] Je toto uspokojivé? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Ano.
43.3	Questioner [Ruffles in the sheet are smoothed all along the length of the sheet next to the instrument’s head.] Is that satisfactory? Ra I am Ra. Yes.
43.4	Tazatel: Omlouvám se, že jsme si toho nevšimli. Ra: Nyní komunikujeme.
43.4	Questioner I am sorry that we failed to notice that. Ra We communicate now.
43.5	Tazatel: Nyní se vrátím k poslední otázce, co zbyla z minulé relace. Pokud na ni můžete odpovědět… Nevím, zda je to nějak důležité, ale uvědomil jsem si, že části, které byly během mrzačení dobytka odňaty, jsou pokaždé stejné, a tak hádám, že se to vztahovalo k energetickým centrům a, pokud tomu tak bylo, proč byly důležité. Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je v podstatě správně, pokud můžete chápat, že existuje spojení mezi energetickými centry a rozličnými myšlenkovými formami. Proto obavy hromadného vědomí vytváří prostředí pro soustředění nad odstraněním těch částí těla, která symbolizují oblasti znepokojení nebo strachu v hromadném vědomí.
43.5	Questioner I’ll just try to pick up the last question left over from the last session, if you can answer it. I don’t know if it is of any importance, but it just occurred to me that the parts removed in cattle mutilations are the same every time, and I just wondered if this was related to the energy centers, and why they were important if that was so? Ra I am Ra. This is basically correct if you may understand that there is a link between energy centers and various thought-forms. Thus the fears of the mass consciousness create the climate for the concentration upon the removal of bodily parts which symbolize areas of concern or fear in the mass consciousness.
43.6	Tazatel: Říkáte pak, že ty části, které jsou odstraněny se vztahují k hromadnému vědomí lidských forem třetí úrovně na planetě a že tento strach se nějakým způsobem používá entitami druhé úrovně nebo, opravuji, entitami myšlenkové formy, které mrzačení provádějí? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je správně, jak bylo nedávno sděleno. Entity myšlenkové formy se živí strachem; proto jsou schopny činit škody přesně podle systémů symboliky. Jiné typy druhé úrovně, o kterých mluvíte, potřebují to, co nazýváte krví.
43.6	Questioner Are you saying, then, that these parts that are removed are related to the mass consciousness of the third-density human form on the planet, and this fear is being used in some way by the second-density entities, or—correction, the thought-form entities—that do the mutilations? Ra I am Ra. This is correct as latterly stated. The thought-form entities feed upon fear; thus they are able to do precise damage according to systems of symbology. The other second-density types of which you speak need the, what you call, blood.
43.7	Tazatel: Potřebují tyto jiné typy druhé úrovně krev proto, aby mohly zůstat ve fyzické úrovni? Přicházejí a odcházejí do naší fyzické úrovně z jedné z astrálních rovin? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Tyto entity jsou, řekněme, tvorové skupiny Orionu. Neexistují v astrálních rovinách, jako myšlenkové formy, ale čekají uvnitř zemského povrchu. Připomínáme vám jako vždy, že podle nás je tento typ informací nedůležitý.
43.7	Questioner These other second-density types need the blood to remain in the physical? Do they come in and out of our physical density from one of the astral planes? Ra I am Ra. These entities are, shall we say, creatures of the Orion group. They do not exist in astral planes, as do the thought-forms, but wait within the earth’s surface. We, as always, remind you that it is our impression that this type of information is unimportant.
43.8	Tazatel: Souhlasím s vámi z celého srdce, ale někdy jsem před zkoumáním určité oblasti ztracený a nevím, zda to povede k lepšímu porozumění. Toto se zdálo být nějakým způsobem ve vztahu s energetickými centry, o kterých jsme hovořili. Hodlám uvést názor a nechám vás okomentovat jeho správnost. Ten názor je: Když je světlo Stvořitele kvůli zkušenostem rozštěpeno nebo rozděleno do barev a energetických center, pak za účelem sjednocení s energií Stvořitele musí být energetická centra vyvážena přesně stejným způsobem, jak bylo rozštěpené světlo vyvážené v okamžiku vzniku Stvořitelem. Je to správně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Bylo by téměř nemožné dát na tento dotaz jednoduchou odpověď. Zjednodušíme to tím, že se budeme soustředit na to, co považujeme za ústřední myšlenku, o kterou usilujete. Již mnohokrát jsme mluvili o relativní důležitosti vyvážení ve srovnání s relativní nedůležitostí maximální aktivace každého energetického centra . Důvodem je to, co správně předpokládáte. Proto se entita zajímá, pokud je na cestě pozitivní sklizně, o upřesňování různých energií zkušeností. Proto může být ta nejkřehčí entita vyváženější než ta s extrémní energií a aktivitou služeb druhým, a to kvůli důslednosti, se kterou je vůle zaměřena na využití zkušeností pro poznání sebe sama. Úrovně, které jsou za vaší vlastní, dávají minimálně vyváženému jedinci mnoho času/prostoru a prostoru/času, kde pokračuje ve zdokonalování těchto vnitřních vyvážení.
43.8	Questioner I agree with you wholeheartedly, but I sometimes am at a loss, before investigation into an area, to know whether it is going to lead to a better understanding. This just seemed to be related somehow to the energy centers that we were speaking of. I am going to make a statement and have you comment on it for its correctness. The statement is: When the Creator’s light is split or divided into colors and energy centers for experience, then in order to reunite with the Creator the energy centers must be balanced exactly the same as the split light was as it originated from the Creator. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. To give this query a simple answer would be nearly impossible. We shall simplify by concentrating upon what we consider to be the central idea towards which you are striving. We have, many times now, spoken about the relative importance of balancing as opposed to the relative unimportance of maximal activation of each energy center. 1 The reason is as you have correctly surmised. Thusly the entity is concerned, if it be upon the path of positive harvestability, with the regularizing of the various energies of experience. Thus the most fragile entity may be more balanced than one with extreme energy and activity in service to others due to the fastidiousness with which the will is focused upon the use of experience in knowing the self. The densities beyond your own give the minimally balanced individual much time/space and space/time with which to continue to refine these inner balances.
43.9	Tazatel: V další úrovni nebo… ve čtvrté úrovni, je katalyzátor fyzické bolesti používán jako mechanismus pro zkušenostní vyvažování? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Použití fyzické bolesti je minimální a souvisí pouze s koncem inkarnace čtvrté úrovně. Tato fyzická bolest by nebyla považována za dost vážnou, aby byla, řekněme, zpracována ve třetí úrovni. Ve čtvrté úrovni jsou používány katalyzátory mentální a duchovní bolesti.
43.9	Questioner In the next density, or the… in the fourth density, is the catalyst of physical pain used as a mechanism for experiential balancing? Ra I am Ra. The use of physical pain is minimal, having only to do with the end of the fourth-density incarnation. This physical pain would not be considered severe enough to treat, shall we say, in third density. The catalysts of mental and spiritual pain are used in fourth density.
43.10	Tazatel: Proč je fyzická bolest součástí konce čtvrté úrovně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Tento druh bolesti byste nazvali únavou.
43.10	Questioner Why is physical pain a part of the end of fourth density? Ra I am Ra. You would call this variety of pain weariness.
43.11	Tazatel: Jaká je… můžete vůbec stanovit průměrnou délku života inkarnace prostoru/času ve čtvrté úrovni? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Délka inkarnace prostoru/času typická pro harmonickou čtvrtou úroveň je přibližně 90 000 vašich let, jak měříte čas.
43.11	Questioner What is the— Can you even state the average lifespan in the fourth density of space/time incarnation? Ra I am Ra. The space/time incarnation typical of harmonious fourth density is approximately 90,000 of your years as you measure time.
43.12	Tazatel: Existuje pak čas/prostor… Existuje ve čtvrté úrovni více inkarnací se zkušenostmi v času/prostoru mezi inkarnacemi? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je správně.
43.12	Questioner Then, is there a time/space— Are there multiple incarnations in fourth density with time/space experiences between incarnations? Ra I am Ra. This is correct.
43.13	Tazatel: Jak je, v našich letech, dlouhý cyklus zkušeností ve čtvrté úrovni? Ra: Cyklus zkušeností trvá přibližně 30 milionů vašich let, pokud nejsou entity schopné být sklizeny dříve. V této úrovni je sklizeň zcela funkcí připravenosti společenského paměťového komplexu. Ta nemá strukturu jako vaše vlastní, protože se zabývá transparentnějším zkreslením jednoho nekonečného Stvořitele.
43.13	Questioner How long is a cycle of experience in fourth density, in our years? Ra The cycle of experience is approximately 30 million of your years if the entities are not capable of being harvested sooner. There is in this density a harvest which is completely the function of the readiness of the social memory complex. It is not structured as is your own, for it deals with a more transparent distortion of the One Infinite Creator.
43.14	Tazatel: Pak je tedy mezi třetí a čtvrtou úrovní největším rozdílem v připravenosti pro sklizeň to, že na konci třetí úrovně je jednotlivec sklizen jako funkce svého fialového paprsku, ale ve čtvrté úrovni je pak ekvivalentem fialový paprsek celého společenského paměťového komplexu, který musí být schopný sklizně, aby se posunul do páté úrovně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je správně, ačkoliv v páté úrovni si entity mohou vybrat učit se jako společenské paměťové komplexy nebo jako komplexy mysli/těla/ducha a mohou za těchto podmínek graduovat do šesté úrovně, jelikož pátá úroveň je velice svobodnou úrovní, kdežto lekce soucitu vedoucí k moudrosti musí nezbytně souviset s ostatními-já.
43.14	Questioner Then the big difference in harvestability between third and fourth density is that at the end of the third density the individual is harvested as a function of individual violet ray, but in fourth density, is it the equivalent of violet-ray then for the entire social memory complex that must be of a harvestable nature to go to fifth density? Ra I am Ra. This is correct although in fifth density entities may choose to learn as a social memory complex or as mind/body/spirit complexes, and may graduate to sixth density under these conditions, for the wisdom density is an extremely free density, whereas the lessons of compassion leading to wisdom necessarily have to do with other-selves.
43.15	Tazatel: Je pak sklizeň šesté úrovně striktně společenského paměťového komplexu, protože máme soucit opět sloučený zpět s pomocí užití moudrosti? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je zcela správně.
43.15	Questioner Then is sixth-density harvest strictly of social memory complex because, again, we have compassion blended back using wisdom? Ra I am Ra. This is quite correct.
43.16	Tazatel: Víme, že fyzické tělo ve čtvrté úrovni, které je použité v prostoru/času, je, předpokládám, docela podobné tomu, které nyní používáme ve třetí úrovni. Je to správně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Používané chemické elementy nejsou stejné. Vzhled je však podobný.
43.16	Questioner We know that the physical vehicle in fourth density that is used during space/time, I am assuming, is quite similar to the one that we now use in third density. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. The chemical elements used are not the same. However, the appearance is similar.
43.17	Tazatel: Je ve čtvrté úrovni nezbytné jíst potravu? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je správně.
43.17	Questioner Is it necessary to eat food in fourth density? Ra I am Ra. This is correct.
43.18	Tazatel: Mechanismus, řekněme, společenského katalyzátoru kvůli nezbytnosti živit tělo je pak ve čtvrté úrovni aktivní. Je to správně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je nesprávně. Bytost čtvrté úrovně touží sloužit a příprava potravin je díky zvýšenému splynutí mezi entitou a živou potravinou extrémně jednoduchá. Proto to není významný katalyzátor, ale spíše jednoduchý předpoklad zkušenosti v prostoru/času. Příslušným katalyzátorem je nezbytnost přijímání potravin. Toto není entitami čtvrté úrovně považováno za důležité, a proto to pomáhá ve vyučování/učení trpělivosti.
43.18	Questioner The mechanism of, shall we say, social catalyst due to a necessity for feeding the body then is active in fourth density. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. This is incorrect. The fourth-density being desires to serve, and the preparation of foodstuffs is extremely simple due to increased communion between entity and living foodstuff. Therefore, this is not a significant catalyst but rather a simple precondition of the space/time experience. The catalyst involved is the necessity for the ingestion of foodstuffs. This is not considered to be of importance by fourth-density entities, and it, therefore, aids in the teach/learning of patience.
43.19	Tazatel: Mohl byste trochu rozvést, jak to pomáhá ve vyučování/učení trpělivosti? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Zastavení činnosti služby ostatním dostatečně dlouho, aby byly požity potraviny, přináší trpělivost.
43.19	Questioner Could you expand a little bit on how that aids in the teach/learning of patience? Ra I am Ra. To stop the functioning of service to others long enough to ingest foodstuffs is to invoke patience.
43.20	Tazatel: Hádám, že není potřeba v páté úrovni požívat potravu. Je to správně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je nesprávně. Avšak tělo potřebuje potravu, která může být připravena myšlenkou.
43.20	Questioner I’m guessing that it is not necessary to ingest food in fifth density. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. This is incorrect. However, the vehicle needs food which may be prepared by thought.
43.21	Tazatel: Jaký by to byl typ jídla? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Tento typ jídla byste nazvali nektarem nebo ambrózií nebo světlým vývarem zlatavě bílého odstínu.
43.21	Questioner What type of food would this be? Ra I am Ra. You would call this type of food nectar, or ambrosia, or a light broth of golden white hue.
43.22	Tazatel: Jaký je účel pro přijímání potravy v páté úrovni? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Toto je poněkud ústředním bodem. Účel prostoru/času je navýšení katalytické činnosti příslušné pro danou úroveň. Jednou z předpokladů existence prostoru/času je nějaká forma komplexu těla. Takový komplex těla musí být určitým způsobem poháněný.
43.22	Questioner What is the purpose of ingesting food in fifth density? Ra I am Ra. This is a somewhat central point. The purpose of space/time is the increase in catalytic action appropriate to the density. One of the preconditions for space/time existence is some form of body complex. Such a body complex must be fueled in some way.
43.23	Tazatel: Pak existuje… Ve třetí úrovni není smysl pohánění našeho komplexu těla pouze jednoduše komplex zásobit, ale dává nám příležitosti naučit se služby. Ve čtvrté úrovni to nejenom zásobuje komplex, ale dává nám příležitosti naučit se trpělivosti. V páté úrovni to zásobuje komplex, ale učí to něco? Ra: Já jsem Ra. V páté úrovni je pro ty, co jsou podobného smýšlení, potěšením tento vývar sdílet, čímž se stávají jedním v rámci světla a moudrosti, zatímco v rámci fyzické aktivity spojují srdce a ruce. Proto se to v této úrovni stává spíše útěchou než katalyzátorem učení.
43.23	Questioner Then, there is a— In third density the fueling of our bodily complex not only simply fuels the complex but gives us opportunities to learn service. In fourth density it not only fuels the complex but gives us opportunities to learn patience. In fifth density it fuels the complex, but does it teach? Ra I am Ra. In fifth density it is comfort, for those of like mind gather together to share in this broth, thus becoming one in light and wisdom while joining hearts and hands in physical activity. Thus in this density it becomes a solace rather than a catalyst for learning.
43.24	Tazatel: Jednoduše se snažím vystopovat, jak můžete říci, evoluci katalyzátoru, který se pak, jak říkáte, v páté úrovni mění. Mohl bych to tedy dokončit a zeptat se, zda existuje nějaký příjem potravy v šesté úrovni? Ra: Já jsem Ra. To je správně. Avšak povaha této potravy je světelná a je nemožné ji pro vás popsat jakýmkoliv smysluplným způsobem co se týče směru vašeho dotazu.
43.24	Questioner I am simply trying to trace the, you might say, the evolution of this catalyst that then, as you say, changes in fifth density. I might as well complete this and ask if there is any ingestion of food in sixth density? Ra I am Ra. This is correct. However, the nature of this food is that of light and is impossible to describe to you in any meaningful way as regards the thrust of your query.
43.25	Tazatel: Ve čtvrté úrovni na této planetě poté, co budeme zcela převedeni, a až bude sklizeň dokončena, budou bytosti čtvrté úrovně inkarnovány na povrchu této planety, jak tento konkrétní povrch známe. Je to správně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Pravděpodobné/možné vortexy naznačují, že toto s největší pravděpodobností nastane.
43.25	Questioner In fourth density on this planet, after we’re totally transitioned and the harvest is complete, fourth-density beings will be incarnate on the surface of this planet as we know it now, this particular surface. Is that correct? Ra I am Ra. The probability/possibility vortices indicate this to be most likely.
43.26	Tazatel: Budou pak v tom čase na povrchu planety nějaké bytosti páté a/nebo šesté úrovně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Ne na dost dlouhou dobu vašeho času, jelikož bytosti čtvrté úrovně potřebují strávit svůj prostor/čas pro učení/vyučování s entitami své vlastní úrovně.
43.26	Questioner Then will there be at that time any fifth-density and/or sixth-density beings on the surface of the planet? Ra I am Ra. Not for a fairly long measure of your time as fourth-density beings need to spend their learn/teaching space/time with their own density’s entities.
43.27	Tazatel: Pak v podstatě, co říkáte je, že v tom bodě nebude vyučování bytostmi páté nebo šesté úrovně dost dobře chápáno čtvrtou úrovní, novou čtvrtou úrovní. Ra: Já jsem Ra. Přejete si se nás na tento bod zeptat?
43.27	Questioner Then basically what you are saying is that at that point the teachings of fifth- or sixth-density beings would not be too well understood by the fourth density, new fourth-density entities? Ra I am Ra. Do you wish to query us upon this point?
43.28	Tazatel: Myslím, že jsem to nekonstatoval správně. Je pravda, že bytosti čtvrté úrovně, nové čtvrté úrovně, se potřebují vyvinout ve svém myšlení, aby dosáhly bodu, kde lekce páté úrovně budou mít význam? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Chápeme směr vašeho dotazu. Ačkoliv je pravda, že jak bytosti čtvrté úrovně postupují, mají více a více potřebu učení ostatních úrovní, a je také pravdou, že jak my k vám hovoříme díky volání, je volaná informace vždy k dispozici. Jedná se jednoduše o to, že bytosti páté úrovně nebudou žít na povrchu planetární sféry, dokud planeta nedosáhne vibračního stupně páté úrovně.
43.28	Questioner I guess I didn’t state that correctly. Is it true that the fourth-density, new fourth-density beings then need to evolve in their thinking to reach a point where fifth-density lessons would be of value? Ra I am Ra. We grasp the thrust of your query. Although it is true that as fourth-density beings progress they have more and more need for other density teachings, it is also true that just as we speak to you due to the calling, so the information called is always available. It is simply that fifth-density beings will not live upon the surface of the planetary sphere until the planet reaches fifth-density vibratory level.
43.29	Tazatel: Přemýšlel jsem, zda je mechanismus vyučování/učení relativně stejný ve čtvrté úrovni. Z toho, co říkáte, to vypadá, že je nezbytné, aby pro předání vyučování/učení z páté úrovně do čtvrté prvně existovalo volání právě tak, jak musí prvně existovat volání tady, než jsou lekce čtvrté úrovně předány do třetí. Je to správně? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Tento dotaz je zavádějící, protože zkušenost ve čtvrté úrovni není vůbec stejná jako zkušenost třetí úrovně. Avšak je správně, že stejný mechanismus volání předurčuje přijaté informace v souladu se svobodnou vůlí. Můžete se zeptat na ještě jednu plnou otázku v tomto sezení.
43.29	Questioner I was wondering, then, if the mechanism of teach/learning was the same, relatively, then in fourth density. From what you say, it seems that is necessary for first the call to exist for the teach/learning of fifth density to be given to fourth, just as a call must exist here before fourth-density lessons are given to third. Is this correct? Ra I am Ra. This query is misguided, for experience in fourth density is emphatically not the same as third-density experience. However, it is correct that the same mechanism of calling predisposes the information received in a way consonant with free will. You may ask one more full question at this working.
43.30	Tazatel: Uvedl jste, že koncentrace je klíčová pro posílení vůle. Můžete mi sdělit relativní důležitost následujících pomůcek pro koncentraci? Zaznamenal jsem si: ticho, řízení teploty, pohodlí těla, stínění tak jak by Faradayova klec stínila elektromagnetické záření, stínění viditelného světla a neustálá vůně, jako je použití kadidla pro posílení vaší koncentrace při meditaci. Jinými slovy izolovaný typ okolností. Zmínil jste, že toto bylo jednou z funkcí pyramid. Ra: Já jsem Ra. Analogie aktivit komplexu těla do komplexů mysli a ducha byly diskutovány dříve . Můžete považovat všechny tyto výše uvedené pomůcky jako ty, které jsou nápomocné ke stimulaci toho, co ve skutečnosti koncentraci pomáhá, což je vůle entity. Tato svobodná vůle může být zaměřena na jakýkoliv záměr nebo cíl.
43.30	Questioner You stated that the key to strengthening the will is concentration. Can you tell me the relative importance of the following aids to concentration? I have listed: silence, temperature control, comfort of body, screening as a Faraday cage would screen electromagnetic radiation, visible light screening, and a constant smell such as the use of incense for strengthening your concentration in meditation. In other words, an isolation-type of situation. You mentioned that this was one of the functions of the pyramid. Ra I am Ra. The analogies of body complex to mind and spirit complex activities have been discussed previously. 2 You may consider all of these aforementioned aids as those helpful to the stimulation of that which, in actuality, aids concentration—that being the will of the entity. This free will may be focused at any object or goal.
43.31	Tazatel: Ve skutečnosti jsem se snažil dobrat toho, zda je velmi důležité zkonstruovat lepší místo pro naše meditace. Máme zde rušení typů, které jsem zmínil, a vím, že je naší svobodnou vůlí, zda to zkonstruujeme nebo ne, ale snažil jsem se jenom dobrat principů. Například Faradayova klec by byla docela velkou konstrukcí a přemýšlel jsem, jestli by to mělo nějaký význam. Ra: Já jsem Ra. Aniž bychom porušili svobodnou vůli, cítíme, že je možné konstatovat, že Faradayova klec a izolační nádrž jsou jen aparáty. Obklopením sebe samých v harmonické atmosféře, odděleni od rušení, v místě nepoužívaném pro jiný účel, na kterém se vy a vaši společníci domluvíte distancovat od všech cílů kromě meditativního hledání nekonečného Stvořitele, nejsou, řekněme, aparáty, ale využití stvoření Otce v lásce druhé úrovně a v lásce a podpoře ostatních-já. Existují nějaké krátké dotazy, než bude toto sezení u konce?
43.31	Questioner I was really trying to get at whether it would be of great importance to construct a better place for our meditations. We have distractions here of the types which I mentioned, and I know that it is our total free will as to whether we construct this or not, but I was just trying to get at the principles. For instance, the Faraday cage would be quite a big construction, and I was wondering if it would be of any real value? Ra I am Ra. Without infringing upon free will we feel it possible to state that the Faraday cage and the isolation tank are gadgets. The surrounding of self in a sylvan atmosphere, apart from distractions, in a place of working used for no other purpose, in which you and your associates agree to lay aside all goals but that of the meditative seeking of the Infinite Creator is, shall we say, not gadgetry but the making use of the creation of the Father in second-density love and in the love and support of other-selves. Are there any brief queries before this working is at an end?
43.32	Tazatel: Pouze se zeptám, zda existuje cokoliv, co můžeme udělat, aby byl nástroj více v pohodlí nebo zlepšit kontakt? Ra: Já jsem Ra. Vše je v pořádku. Zanechávám vás v lásce a světle jednoho nekonečného Stvořitele. Jděte kupředu, a proto s radostí, v síle a míru jednoho nekonečného Stvořitele. Adonai. O tom se mluvilo v 29.27,
43.32	Questioner I’d only ask if there is anything we can do to make the instrument more comfortable or to improve the contact? Ra I am Ra. All is well. I leave you in the love and the light of the One Infinite Creator. Go forth, therefore, rejoicing in the power and the peace of the One Infinite Creator. Adonai. Spoken about in #29.27 , #40.4 , and #41.19 . â© Discussed previously in #
